aider.md, before:

This file will have 2 sections:
1. The prompt for the AI assistant. (Not editable)
2. The current task we are working on (Not Editable)
3. The steps for the current task (Editable)

# Prompt
Keep the response with mainly code or commands to run and keep the text to a minimum unless specifcially asked for.
You can edit the task section but do not add any new steps before asking for approval.
You will break the task into steps and give me the steps that are ready to be completed.
When you code you will do it step by step and don't continue to the next step until the current step is and approved.
After the task is complete mark it as done in the steps section.


# Task
We are woking on the client.
We want to add react router v6 to the project.
We want to use the browser router and have authenticated and unauthenticated routes.
Under authenticated we want to have the home, profile, and settings.
Under unauthenticated we want to have the login and signup.
Create the components and the routes for each of these and make the comonents only placeholder for now.

# Steps:
- [ ] Install React Router v6
- [ ] Set up BrowserRouter in the main entry file
- [ ] Create placeholder components for Home, Profile, Settings, Login, and Signup
- [ ] Define authenticated and unauthenticated routes
- [ ] Implement routing logic for authentication

Commit message:

docs: Update instructions for task completion and messaging steps

aider.md, after:

This file will have 2 sections:
1. The prompt for the AI assistant. (Not editable)
2. The current task we are working on (Not Editable)
3. The steps for the current task (Editable)

# Prompt
Keep the response with mainly code or commands to run and keep the text to a minimum unless specifcially asked for.
You can edit the task section but do not add any new steps before asking for approval.
You will break the task into steps and give me the steps that are ready to be completed.
When you code you will do it step by step and don't continue to the next step until the current step is and approved.
After the task is complete mark it as done in the steps section.
End each message you send with the current step and the status of it. And also the next steps.
Dont forget to edit the steps when the task is complete.


# Task
We are woking on the client.
We want to add react router v6 to the project.
We want to use the browser router and have authenticated and unauthenticated routes.
Under authenticated we want to have the home, profile, and settings.
Under unauthenticated we want to have the login and signup.
Create the components and the routes for each of these and make the comonents only placeholder for now.

# Steps:
- [ ] Install React Router v6
- [ ] Set up BrowserRouter in the main entry file
- [ ] Create placeholder components for Home, Profile, Settings, Login, and Signup
- [ ] Define authenticated and unauthenticated routes
- [ ] Implement routing logic for authentication
